Here I am an average teenager you may
think you couldn't be more wrong I'm the
founder of mayhem the most infamous
black metal band in the world
[Music]
life was easy back then it was all about
having fun
drinking beer music and then everything
changed vard the lone wolf I hereby
appoint you bass player mayhem we have
to take this to the next level you said
it yourself we should burn them all down
if you do this he did it swept across
Norway describe the matter as extremely
violent either you do it for the cause
and you take action or you do it because
you want attention you can't have it
both ways
the suspect no one is to be my friend
so you can hand me off guard
why do you care about him so much I
thought you were too Norwegian black
metal like vented and now you betray it
no not this dream this vision you were
in control you were leader
[Music]
so be all those things he wanted to
everyone around your disgusting little
insects
do it let's pull the trigger I tell this
dad
[Music]